Add P40, P20 and P18 Keyboards by pabile (#8759)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/pabile/p18/readme.md

# P18 

> A 18-key DIY Hotswap Macropad that accepts both Promicro and Bluefruit Feather 32U4 LE
> 
> ![render](https://i.imgur.com/CPtGiSL.png)
> 
> [home](https://pabileonline.blogspot.com/search/label/pabile18)
> 
> For default example of layout, run
>     <code>make pabile/p18:default</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![render](https://i.imgur.com/CPtGiSL.png)

A 18-key DIY Hotswap Macropad that accepts both Pro Micro and Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [pabile](https://github.com/yourusername)
* Hardware Supported: Pabile P18 PCB with Pro Micro or Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE
* Hardware Availability: [Info at pabileonline.blogspot.com](https://pabileonline.blogspot.com/search/label/pabile18)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make pabile/p18:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```

# P18 

![render](https://i.imgur.com/CPtGiSL.png)

A 18-key DIY Hotswap Macropad that accepts both Pro Micro and Adafruit Feather 32u4 Bluefruit LE.

> * Keyboard Maintainer: [pabile](https://github.com/yourusername)

Reviewer: I messed this up before.

```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [pabile](https://github.com/pabile)
```

Author: thanks
